---
title: 'Website Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated: April 2024_

As a law firm, we collect, use and disclose information on a regular basis in order to render our services. We use all information, especially personal information, in accordance with the highest ethical standards.

This Website Privacy Policy aims to help you understand our personal information collection, use, disclosure and retention practices, specifically as it pertains to this website. By providing personal information to us via this website or by email you agree to the processing set out in this Website Privacy Policy.

This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to, and Levine Legal is not responsible for, any third party websites which may be accessible through links from this website. If you follow a link to any of these third-party websites, they will have their own privacy policies and you will need to check these policies before you submit any personal information to such third-party websites.

## 1. Who we are and what we do

Levine Legal ("Levine Legal", "we", "us" or "our") is a law firm. Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the "data controller" of your personal information, i.e. the organization who alone or jointly determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any personal information is, or is likely to be, processed.

## 2. What personal information do we collect

We may collect and process different types of personal information in the course of operating our business and providing our services. These include:

- Contact information such as name, email address and telephone number;
- Biographical information such as job title, employer, photograph and video or audio content;
- Marketing, communication preferences and related information such as feedback and survey responses;
- Billing and financial information such as billing address, bank account and payment information;
- Services information such as details of services that we have provided;
- Recruitment information such as your curriculum vitae, your education and employment history, details of professional memberships and other information relevant to potential recruitment or association to or with us;
- Website usage and other technical information such as details of visits to our websites or information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies;
- Information provided to us by or on behalf of our clients or generated by us in the course of providing our services, which may, where relevant, include special categories of personal information;
- Identification and other background verification data collected as part of our client acceptance and ongoing monitoring procedures; and
- Any other personal information provided.

Please note that if you provide personal information to us about other people, you must ensure that you have given those individuals appropriate notice that you are providing their information to us and have obtained their consent to that disclosure.

We do not knowingly collect information from children or other persons who are under 16 years old.

You cannot send us confidential information until we have confirmed in writing that we represent or act for you or your company or organization. Unsolicited emails sent to us from non-clients do not establish a lawyer-client relationship. They may not be privileged and, therefore, are subject to disclosure to third parties.

## 3. How do we use personal information

We may use personal information in the following ways:

- **To provide our legal and other services** and to conduct our business, including to carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us;
- **To facilitate use of our websites** and to ensure content is relevant and to respond to requests for information or enquiries from visitors to our websites;
- **For marketing and business development purposes**, to provide details of new services, legal updates and invitations to seminars and events where an individual has chosen to receive these;
- **For research and development purposes**, to better understand our clients' requirements and to develop our services and offerings;
- **For recruitment purposes**, to enable us to process applications for employment and to assess suitability for any position;
- **To fulfil our legal, regulatory, or risk management obligations**, including performing client due diligence, anti-bribery and sanctions screening, and identifying conflicts of interest;
- **To ensure that we are paid**, including to recover any payments due to us; and
- **To reorganize or make changes to our business**, including in connection with any merger, acquisition, or divestiture.

## 4. With whom do we share personal information

We are a law firm and as such, any personal information that we collect may be processed within our firm. We may also share personal information with:

- Third-party service providers who provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services to us;
- Law enforcement and governmental entities when required by law; and
- An acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger or acquisition or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.

## 5. How long and where do we keep personal information

We will only keep personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the relevant purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and in order to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you would like further information regarding the periods for which personal information will be kept, please contact us using the details in Section 9.

## 6. How do we protect personal information

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the personal information in our possession. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

## 7. What rights does someone have in relation to personal information

Under certain circumstances and in accordance with applicable data protection laws, an individual has the following rights:

- **Access**: entitled to ask if we are processing information and, if we are, request access to personal information;
- **Correction**: entitled to request that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information we hold be corrected;
- **Erasure**: entitled to ask us to delete or remove personal information in certain circumstances;
- **Restriction**: entitled to ask us to suspend the processing of certain personal information;
- **Transfer**: request the transfer of certain personal information to another party;
- **Objection**: challenge processing of personal information based on a legitimate interest or for direct marketing purposes; and
- **Consent**: where we are processing personal information with consent, withdrawal of consent.

You also have a right to make a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in Section 9.

## 8. How do we use cookies and similar technologies

Our website may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to facilitate use of the website and to collect usage information. For further details about the cookies employed by us, please contact us as set forth in Section 9.

## 9. How to contact us

For any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or personal information, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices, our Privacy Officer can be reached by email at inquiries@levinelegal.ca.

## 10. How we may update this Website Privacy Policy

We may change the content of our websites and how we use cookies without notice and consequently our Website Privacy Policy may change from time to time in the future. We therefore encourage you to review it whenever you visit the website to stay informed of how we are processing personal information.
